Update hls docs (#23)
jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-docs: docs/getting_started/components/hls.md

Currently, there are no configuration options related to this component.

> ## Output
> After adding a peer or an rtsp component, the hls stream will be available on url `<jellyfish-address>/hls/<room_id>/index.m3u8`.
> ## Env variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Output
After adding a peer or an rtsp component, the hls stream will be available under `http://<jellyfish-address>/hls/<room_id>/index.m3u8`.

## Env variables
```
